>> Speaker 1: And so what this will
do is once we start to build out kind
of like presentation components, where we
just are fitting observable strings in,
is that we'll take the observable stream
and wrap it and then feed it in that one.
So what this will also do is
the async pipe when this component
is taken off the screen that
it will unsubscribe for you.
And so
what we're doing here just to summarize,
is that in the project service,
we're going,
calling all which is returning
this HttpClient kit.
Which is returning an observable or
the result wrapped in an observable.
Now in the component,
we're calling this, and,
let me just take this typing off for now.
We're saying, return the stream, and
assign it to this local variable.
Now, we could unwrap it in our component
class, but more importantly we can,
in our template using this async pipe,
unwrap it there.
Which is, if this were, for instance,
mat-list-item was a child component,
then you would pass that in via
the input and unwrap it at that point.
>> Speaker 1: Couple of
different things here,
just to wrap this up,
is we could do create,
which would take a project,
return this.httpClient to create,
you post.
And so this is getting
a little crafty right here.
And so
I'm going to create a convenience method.
We'll go getUrl and
we're just going to return this,
so now what we can do
is just go this.getUrl.
>> Speaker 1: For now create,
we can do a similar thing,
this.getUrl, and
then just pass in the project.
>> Speaker 1: Now if you
wanted to update an object.
And so, this is what I like about
REST APIs is they are conventional.
We can go update and delete.
>> Speaker 1: For update we'll do patch.
And for delete we'll do delete.
The difference is the URL is
now going to have an id, so
it'll be that forward slash
projects with the id on the end.
>> Speaker 1: So I'm going to
just call this out here ForId.
>> Speaker 1: In this case,
we'll pass in the project id.
And and in this case,
we'll just pass in like a projectId.
We won't have to put in the whole payload.
>> Speaker 1: And delete doesn't
require a payload, whereas update does.
And then let's create this
one last convenience method.
And we'll go getUrlForId.
>> Speaker 1: Which is
then going to call return,
>> Speaker 1: getUrl.
>> Speaker 1: There we go, so just
abstracting kind of these methods into
smaller methods that we can then compose.
There we go, and so now.
>> Speaker 2: I think you made
a typo down on the last line.
>> Speaker 1: The last line.
>> Speaker 2: ProjectId, it's.
For update, for update is different.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, so
update is an actual project object.
So we give project an id and
then we're passing in the project that we
want to actually update at the server.
>> Speaker 1: And so
now that we have these methods,
if we go to,
I'll just do one of them here.
We'll go deleteProject.
We'll take the project.
And then we'll just go
this.projectsService.delete.
And we'll pass in the project.id.
>> Speaker 1: And
then what I can do is subscribe.
And then when I get a result, what
we'll do is we'll just rehydrate this,
so we'll just go this.get,
there is a couple of different
ways to do this it just depends
on your data structure.
Typically, these things if you
have some mutations or server,
you just rehydrate your data structure.
So now in our template,
if we go into our list item,
you'll notice here that we
have this close button.
Well, click,
>> Speaker 1: Delete, and project.
>> Speaker 1: There we go.
>> Speaker 1: deleteProject.
>> Speaker 1: Now one thing we
are going to need to do is,
you'll notice here that this
button is on this button.
And we have a click event
handler on the list item, and
we want to attach a click
handler on the delete button.
So, if I click on this,
it's not really going to trigger my delete
method, but that native DOM
event is going to bubble up and
it's going to trigger this one, as well.
So, that's kind of weird.
And so, what you'll do is you'll go here.
Event.stop,
>> Speaker 1: I
believe it's ImmediatePropagation.
>> Speaker 1: See if
it gives me any hints.
I'll tell you what,
>> Speaker 1: Yep, all right.
Let me just break this down to
the second line so we can read it.
There we go.
>> Speaker 1: And now if I click this,
you can see that it was deleted,
and let's do this one.
You can see now that we're calling delete,
and so let me just boost this up, delete.
And there's really no payload, but you
can see it's going to projects3, delete.
And then if we go into our db.json,
down here,
we can verify that it was indeed
deleted because we're down to 2.
>> Speaker 1: So just to summarize,
>> Speaker 1: In our ProjectsService,
HttpClient which exposes rest verbs.
So, for create, update, and
delete, as well as reads, so
read is get, create is post,
typically I'll use patch for
update, and delete for delete.
Then, it's a matter of getting
your endpoints, so getUrl,
or get a URL with an ID, and
then setting the appropriate payload.